GDP
m
a company of six albeit with some
lagging behind others but still launched into
New Year's sale at the shuttle station
we had the opportunity to his
fully test
someone doesn't like that
design but I personally strangled the foundation because
what other manufacturers
nothing like that
so this smartphone is 100 percent
stands out from the rest
he has a circus key on or
same for headphones
she left side rocker for
volume control and micro port
without knocking that by the way possible
connect cable idea may
through a special adapter but its in
there is no bundle so you have to buy more
behind her eight megapixel
Convocation Chamber
LED flash will help
She shoots better than the camera of others
products and systems
but the most interesting is the design even
so if you press the button on the bottom
butt end
the device can be fully
pull out of the aluminum case
the name of the base but your finger is far from
just therefore take advantage
card
The battery is not the most capacious 1520 milliampere
hour
but this is enough for 9 hours of work during
which gas is used almost
always generally good
and somewhere inside is new
qualcomm msm 82 63 chipset
this is shipment alina processor with clock
a frequency of 1 2 gigahertz 768 megabytes
RAM and graphic chip adreno 220
own memory of the deceased that little
total gigabyte
but there is a micro sd card slot
the card comes with a card for 8 and a goal
but there are also such decided to upgrade not only
iron dome smart phone running under
running Android 2 3 with shell sense 3 0
here came the carousel of workers
tables
the ability to print without taking your finger off
keyboard
new underwater medicine
GDP
program for simple
photo and video editing
and a few minor improvements
and programs with characteristic
red hands
This is a consequence of the match match city mts
up to 3 is mocked will be sold and
exclusively in the salons of this operator by
price 26 990 with connected
unlimited ambitions
quite humane to be honest I thought it would be
much more jam thirty
but the name guys all the same
a little overdone despite
minimum yield is not
sensation and another expected spin
development but from this desire to redeem
i'm not lost